Update dependency ghcr.io/kyverno/kyverno to v1.8.1 (#61)
projectsyn/component-kyverno: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-v1-v2.adoc

With Kyverno `v1.8.0+` it will now set it to `null`, which will result in an error.

To restore the old behavior you should use a non-existence check in the form of the OR expression followed by a default value if the field doesn't exist

[source,yaml]
----
  ...
  mutate:
    patchStrategicMerge:
      metadata:
        labels:
          buzz: '{{ foo.bar || "" }}'
  ...
----

==== Exlude Roles, ClusterRoles and Subjects

Until Kyverno `v1.7.3` if you directly use the deprecated `exclude` key to exclude a subject or role from a policy, the rule will be skipped if the request either has one of the provided roles or if one of the provided subjects.
With Kyverno `v1.8.0` the requester now needs to both be one of the subjects and have one of the provided roles.

This impacts policies that look similar to the following:

[source,yaml]
----
  ...
  exclude:
    clusterRoles:
      - cluster-admin
      - fooer
    subjects:
      - kind: ServiceAccount
        name: foo
        namespace: bar
      - kind: ServiceAccount
        name: foo
        namespace: buzz
  ...
----

> With Kyverno `<v1.8.0` this will skill the policy if the requester either is a ServiceAccount `foo` in namespace `bar` or `buzz`, OR it has the ClusterRole `cluster-admin` or `fooer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Kyverno `<v1.8.0` this will skip the policy if the requester either is a ServiceAccount `foo` in namespace `bar` or `buzz`, OR it has the ClusterRole `cluster-admin` or `fooer`.
```

> With Kyverno `v1.8.0+` it needs to both be a ServiceAccount `foo` in namespace `bar` or `buzz`, And have the ClusterRole `cluster-admin` or `fooer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Kyverno `v1.8.0+` the policy is only skipped if the principal for the request is ServiceAccount `foo` in namespace `bar` or `buzz`, and that ServiceAccount has the ClusterRole `cluster-admin` or `fooer`.
```
